DOC-2171: fix documentation entry for TINY-9965 in the 6.7 Release Notes. (#2886)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.7-release-notes.adoc

=== It was possible to delete the sole empty block immediately before a `<details>` element if it was nested within another `<details>` element
// TINY-9965

> In previous versions of the xref:accordion.adoc[Accordion Plugin], when inserting an accordion component inside the body of another accordion, it was possible to delete the summary block element of the nested accordion.
> 
> {productname} 6.7 introduced a fix that now blocks the `delete` and `backspace` keys when pressed within a empty block before an nested accordion.
> 
> As a result, using `delete` and `backspace` keys no longer allow the user to delete into the summary element of the accordion, and the caret remains in the empty block before the accordion.
> 
> For information on the **Accordion** plugin see xref:accordion.adoc[Accordion]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In previous versions of the xref:accordion.adoc[Accordion Plugin], when inserting an accordion component inside the body of another accordion, it was possible to delete the summary block element of the nested accordion.

{productname} 6.7 addresses this by blocking *Delete* and *Backspace* key presses when the insertion point is within an empty block before a nested Accordion component.

As a result, using the *Delete* or *Backspace*` keys no longer allows a user to delete into the summary element of an Accordion component, and the insertion point remains in the empty block before the Accordion.

For more information on the **Accordion** plugin see xref:accordion.adoc[Accordion].
```
Suggested edits.
